Add "auto" option to vd-lavc-dr and make it the default (#10999)
mpv-player/mpv: DOCS/man/options.rst

    support this, then it will be treated as ``cpu``, regardless of the setting.
    Currently, only ``gpu-next`` supports film grain application.

``--vd-lavc-dr=<auto|yes|no>``
    Enable direct rendering (default: auto). If this is set to ``yes``, the
    video will be decoded directly to GPU video memory (or staging buffers).
    This can speed up video upload, and may help with large resolutions or
    slow hardware. This works only with the following VOs:

        - ``gpu``: requires at least OpenGL 4.4 or Vulkan.
        - ``libmpv``: The libmpv render API has optional support.

>     The ``auto`` option will try to guess whether DR is fast or slow on your
>     particular hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``auto`` option will try to guess whether DR can improve performance
    on your particular hardware. Currently this enables it on AMD or NVIDIA
    if using OpenGL or unconditionally if using Vulkan.
```
